Add source documentation to some materials in solid mechanics module (#27421)
idaholab/moose: modules/solid_mechanics/doc/content/source/materials/MultiPhaseStressMaterial.md

# MultiPhaseStressMaterial

> !syntax description /Materials/MultiPhaseStressMaterial

Reviewer: There is a typo in here as well. `form` should be `from`.

Author: fixed

The `MultiPhaseStressMaterial` is used in coupled phase field - solid mechanics calculations to compute
the mechanical deformation of multi-phase regions.

> The switching (mixing) coefficients which blends each phase stresses together must be provided

Reviewer: Should this be `each phase stress together` since each usually denotes singular nouns? In "TwoPhaseStressMaterial" there is a similar sentence, "blends the two phase stresses together". Should `each` be replaced with `the`?

> The switching (mixing) coefficients which blends each phase stresses together must be provided

Author: ```suggestion
The switching (mixing) coefficients which blends the phases' stresses together must be provided
```
